Since a lot of things have stayed the same as far as accessing a current
logged in user, wanted to show you a newer technique that was available,
and many people didn't know that it was available for you to utilize inside
of any method that's called by Spring.
Let me explain that last little point.
The concept showing you here is injecting the current
logged in user to method calls.
You can see we have that Authentication auth on the
tail end of our method signature.
We've already secured our methods so that our UI element that posted this
method can't do so insecurely, but that still doesn't show us the user that we
have logged in. Methods that are called by Spring, not necessarily methods
that you call within your code, but methods called by Spring can inject the
authentication object with no change to your app. And this code here in our
addRegistration method,
this is called by the Spring MVC framework, and the Authentication
object is injected into that instance named auth. We can then access
that in our code and use it however we see fit.
Let's change our addRegistration method on our post to utilize this feature now and see how it works firsthand.